Resolve #206 "add open source process documentation" (#207)
rit-sse/WebsiteTheSSEquel: CONTRIBUTING.md

6. Open a pull request to the main repository.

## Reporting Issues

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue in the [Issues](https://github.com/your-repo/issues) section. Provide as much detail as possible, including steps to reproduce the issue if applicable.

## Submitting Pull Requests

- Ensure your code adheres to the project's coding standards.
- Include relevant tests for your changes.
- Update documentation if necessary.
- Link the pull request to the corresponding issue if applicable.

## Development Setup

To set up your development environment, please refer to the [Environment Setup Guide](./documentation/EnvironmentSetup.md). This guide provides detailed instructions on installing dependencies, setting up the database, and configuring the environment variables.

## Testing

- Run tests using the command: `npm run test`.
- Ensure all tests pass before submitting a pull request.
- Add new tests for any new features or bug fixes.

## Coding Style

- Follow the existing code style and structure.
- Use meaningful variable and function names.
- Run the linter before committing: `npm run lint`.

## Code of Conduct

> This project adheres to a [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/your-repo/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to [email@example.com].

Author: oop, this URL needs updated!

> This project adheres to a [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/your-repo/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to [email@example.com].

Author: ```suggestion
This project adheres to a [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/rit-sse/WebsiteTheSSEquel/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to [sse-president@rit.edu].
```

Reviewer: Looks good
